Release 2.6.0 (#4084)
timescale/timescaledb: CHANGELOG.md

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 2.6.0 (2022-02-16)
This release adds major new features since the 2.5.2 release, among
them:

* Compression in continuous aggregates
* Experimental support for timezones in continuous aggregates

It also includes several bug fixes. We deem this release to be moderate
priority for upgrading.

**Features**

> * #3768 Allow ALTER TABLE ADD COLUMN with DEFAULT on compressed hypertable

Reviewer: Do we have doc updates for these minor feature additions? @NunoFilipeSantos

Reviewer 2: Or at least we should...

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 2.6.0 (2022-02-16)
This release adds major new features since the 2.5.2 release, among
them:

* Compression in continuous aggregates

> * Experimental support for timezones in continuous aggregates

Reviewer 3: Please add "Experimental support for monthly buckets in continuous aggregates". This was not available in 2.5.x https://docs.timescale.com/api/latest/hyperfunctions/time_bucket_ng/

Author: ```suggestion
* Experimental support for timezones in continuous aggregates
* Experimental support for monthly buckets in continuous aggregates
```

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 2.6.0 (2022-02-16)

> This release adds major new features since the 2.5.2 release, among
> them:
> 
> * Compression in continuous aggregates
> * Experimental support for timezones in continuous aggregates
> * Experimental support for monthly buckets in continuous aggregates
> 
> It also includes several bug fixes. Telemetry reports are switched to a new
> format, and now include more detailed statistics on compression, distributed
> hypertables and indexes.  We deem this release to be moderate priority for
> upgrading.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release is medium priority for upgrade. We recommend that you upgrade at the next available opportunity.

This release adds major new features since the 2.5.2 release, among
them:

* Compression in continuous aggregates
* Experimental support for timezones in continuous aggregates
* Experimental support for monthly buckets in continuous aggregates

It also includes several bug fixes. Telemetry reports are switched to a new
format, and now include more detailed statistics on compression, distributed
hypertables and indexes.  
```

> It also includes several bug fixes. Telemetry reports are switched to a new
> format, and now include more detailed statistics on compression, distributed
> hypertables and indexes.  

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The release also includes several bug fixes. Telemetry reports now include new and more detailed statistics on regular tables and views, compression, distributed hypertables, and continuous aggregates, which will help us improve TimescaleDB.  
```

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 2.6.0 (2022-02-16)
This release is medium priority for upgrade. We recommend that you upgrade at the next available opportunity.

> This release adds major new features since the 2.5.2 release, among
> them:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release adds major new features since the 2.5.2 release, including:
```
